# Math-Language-Project
AH 151: Project I
To start, I was the person who never know about the code. I know that I do not know much about coding compared to my classmates, so I made a habit of reviewing and preparing coding training videos and putting a lot of effort into understanding the concept of function/syntax of coding. However, even though I put a lot of time into understanding the concepts, I could not fully understand and utilize the codes perfectly.
Despite, completing the duty of a successful first assignment, I did my best to create coding by myself, so I would appreciate it if you could understand generously even if it was lacking and boring.
First, my plan was to make a moving ball with animation. By using the let function, I wanted to make something draggable ball inside of a canvas. Also, I wanted to put color shift resource with random function whenever drag into x value area. However, gradually depending on the progress of the class, it was too disappointing to add only this, so the project was carried out with the goal of being bounced when the ball hit the canvas width.
I succeeded in making animation using the if function (adjusting mouse x speed and y speed), but I felt something was lacking; so I decided to add more resources to make the project interesting by adding additional elements.
By creating a start button and resetting the ball to bounce, it was conceived as a game element, and the goal was to make a variety of visual changes by making the color of the ball random. Lastly, I put the framerate function to let users see how many frames per second go up by adding a frame count.
This series of processes was not an easy journey, and they did not produce more satisfactory results than expected. Because in the last, I wanted to have the effect of opening the curtain at the same time as pressing the start button, but I could not achieve that goal. However, I believe that I did the best that I can do.
